Docsp 30927 work with bson options (#278)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/bson.txt

      - Includes an empty ``lastname`` field
      - Stores the ``Address`` field as a nested value

BSON Options
------------

You can set ``BSONOptions`` to specify how
the driver marshals and unmarshals BSON on any level, from

> ``collection`` to ``Client``.

Reviewer: Issue: I'm not sure what "any level" refers to. How many are there?

Suggestion: Can we be more specific about these levels?

> The following example demonstrates how the ``BSONOptions`` is set using
> the ``Movies`` collection as an example.

Reviewer: I: Two points from the Style Guide here: [Avoid passive voice](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/writing/use-active-voice/) and [Don't use "using" alone](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#u:~:text=word%2C%20username.-,using,-by%20using%20with)

S:

```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to set ``BSONOptions`` for 
the ``Movies`` collection:
```

> The following example demonstrates how the ``BSONOptions`` is set using
> the ``Movies`` collection as an example.

Reviewer: I: In our other docs, we keep collection names lowercase (e.g. [here](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/fundamentals/aggregation/#runnable-examples))

S:

```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how the ``BSONOptions`` is set using
the ``movies`` collection as an example.
```

.. code-block:: go
   :copyable: false

   bsonOpts := &options.BSONOptions{
		UseJSONStructTags: true,
	}

> 	coll := client.Database("sample_mflix").Collection("movies",
> 	bsonOpts)

Reviewer: I: I think these lines should be dedented back to the beginning...

```suggestion
    coll := client.Database("sample_mflix").Collection("movies",
    bsonOpts)
```

> To learn more about the options and usage of ``BSONOptions``, visit the `API Documentation

Reviewer: S: Put this sentence in a Tip box, since it's more supplementary than a natural conclusion to this section

> <https://pkg.go.dev/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/mongo#example-Connect-BSONOptions>`_

Reviewer: S: We almost always use source constants (in snooty.toml) to represent API links, making it easier and less error-prone. I would try using a source constant here.

> To learn more about the options and usage of ``BSONOptions``, visit the `API Documentation
> <https://pkg.go.dev/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/mongo#example-Connect-BSONOptions>`_
> for more information.

Reviewer: I: This sentence can probably be shorter and a little clearer

S:

```suggestion
To learn more about ``BSONOptions``, see the `API Documentation
<https://pkg.go.dev/go.mongodb.org/mongo-driver/mongo#example-Connect-BSONOptions>`__.
```

      - Includes an empty ``lastname`` field
      - Stores the ``Address`` field as a nested value

BSON Options
------------

You can set ``BSONOptions`` to specify how
the driver marshals and unmarshals BSON on your collection, database, or
client.  

The following example demonstrates how to set ``BSONOptions`` for 
the ``movies`` collection:

.. code-block:: go
   :copyable: false

>    bsonOpts := &options.BSONOptions{
>       UseJSONStructTags: true,
> 	}
>    coll := client.Database("sample_mflix").Collection("movies",
>    bsonOpts)

Reviewer: S: I'm not a Go expert, but structuring the code like the following seems more readable:

```suggestion
   bsonOpts := &options.BSONOptions {
       UseJSONStructTags: true
   }
   coll := client.Database("sample_mflix")
       .Collection("movies", bsonOpts)
```
What do you think?

Author: Agree with everything, but comma on line 227 is needed
